hello my name is joe haven trip and I'm
with head 10 rocket sports today I'm at
match point tennis in fort lauderdale
florida and i'd like to tell you about
the new radical series of rockets for
2012 in the radical series there are
four distinct rackets the main feature
that's different from previous models is
a material that we've added called
integra integra is an extremely
lightweight high-performance fiber and
as chief benefit is its vibration and
shock absorption another application for
integra is in Formula One race cars so
it is it's a material that really adds a
lot to the rackets and it's going to be
found in all four models the first of
the radicals is the radical pro which is
the racket that Andy Murray uses this
racket is a 98 square inch head and it
is a 10 point nine ounce racket now it's
a little different from last year's
model last year's radical pro was 11.1
ounces and it was 100 square inches so
we've reduced the head size slightly
this year and we've also reduced the
weight slightly the racket is what's
known as a 16 x 19 string pattern for
those of you who aren't familiar with
that the first number refers to the
number of main strings in the racket the
second number refers to the number of
cross strings so in this case there are
16 main strings 19 cross strings
sometimes referred to as an open string
pattern this really allows you to
generate more spin on the ball and we'll
give you a little extra pump second
racquet I'd like to talk about in the
radical series is the Aiji radical mid
plus this has been the number one
selling racket for head for many many
years it is just an ideal rakha for
someone looking for a perfect
combination of power and control it's a
little lighter version of the racket
that Andy Murray uses it is a 98 square
inch head it's 10.4 ounces and it has an
18 x 20 string pattern and again as i
mention
earlier you have 18 mains you have 20
cross strings so also refer to sometimes
as a tighter string pattern this is
designed for players looking for a
little bit more control and the next
radical in the line is for the player
who wants a similar feel that you get
with a radical MIT plus but in an
oversized this is a perfect racket for
that type of a player it's a 107 square
inch head so I'm going to give you a
bigger sweet spot but it still has the
tighter string patterns you have an 18 x
19 string pattern here again for that
extra control and maneuverability and
the newest introduction to the radical
series is the new IG radical s which
stands for sport this is a lighter
version of the radical mid plus that you
saw earlier so designed for the player
who is a good intermediate to advanced
player but want something a little bit
lighter this is nine point nine ounces
unstrung it has a hundred square inch
head and it does have the 16 x 19 string
pattern for the extra pop and a little
extra spin so as you can see there are
differences in all four of them you can
go to match point tennis demos some of
these rackets do they have all four
models for demo